Hey gang, sorry we were all late, how you doing all?
From downtown Los Angeles, Harmontown, it's now in session, bring out the game master,
Spencer Crittendon.
What up, Spencer?
I don't have a couch anymore.
What happened?
Yeah, where'd your couch go?
We negotiated this last episode.
Well, for good measure, let's bring out the mayor of our neighborhood.
Hello, guys.
Hey, how are you?
How are you?
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown.
You know, maybe you like them, or maybe you don't.
His name is Dan Harmon.
the mic in a microphone when I'm on the mic I'm never alone I got all of my
friends coming at me my brownest poop in my yellow's pee
we tried there are 700 species of ant undiscovered in the jungle ready to
rumble rainforest extinction with grand distinction
opened her legs what am I doing all right that was great I'll tell you what
I'm doing okay I got the streets in my blood oh yeah we were just saying a
dinner that you had the streets in your blood streets in my blood Cody thinks
it's because I had a head injury but that yeah I fine I finally crossed a
threshold I wrapped in my sleep I was freestyle rapping in my sleep and it's
a it's an amazing Instagram video because it's just pitch black because Cody's
just grabbing her camera and it's like in the beginning you can hear me like
freestyle rapping gibberish because you and it's like it starts in the distance
and then gets closer because she's like grabbing her her her phone right I'm
really impressed with myself I think let me let me just I'm just gonna well
because I think well there's there's contention about like whether or not it's
because the streets are in my blood that's my theory right that I've been
rapping so long that I'm now a real rapper and that's how we know I wrap in
my sleep Cody thinks is because that day I got I got drunk and I came home and I
was being like a fun dog dad and it was like wrestling with the dogs in the
front yard like doing my impression of what I think like a man is supposed to
be I guess like and and then after a while he's like you know he's just
rolling in their shit you know like like and I was like yeah I was I rolled in
their shit and and so I was covered in shit and then I went inside and it was
very drunk and I took a shower and Jeff is just learning this information yeah
and I fell in the shower wait you oh I'm sorry shit yeah you rolled physically
in dog shit yeah in his yard on purpose like you're just not on purpose I was
trying to play with the dogs and be cool like a like a like I was trying to be
like a Chris Pratt type of like guy like come on come on buster come on oh you
know like like I'm a man like you know like I come up with names for the lambs
I'm gonna eat later Chris Pratt's Instagram is a lot you learn the names
of the food he's gonna eat like that shows lambs and he goes like so you had
dog poo on you because you're you're a horse playing with the dogs yeah so I
brought you took a shower and then you took a spill in the shower and yeah I
flip my feet came out from under me and I just went straight back and it hit the
back of my head on the floor all of the shower and I was just kind of laying
there and then I went to sleep and then I started rapping like in the shower
unconscious I thought Cody had the present presence of mind to film this
well when I started rapping she grabbed her she had she had she had strong
ins she she didn't call 911 she just she just started you know I think if the
rap's good enough then don't call 9-1-1 you know okay well here's it hear me we can hear you need to have full my
name is a ghost I say are you awake or you say about the toilet paper that's
wrapping but why do you say you need TP I caught early on right now you want I
caught everything out my name is Freddie James third what if it's fire
eating them eat them meet them where eat them eat what someone stops eat
someone stops to eat some hungry nobody respect what do you mean way nobody
like oh it's plastic man plastic man no you can't do that who's plastic man
wow you saw last night you have a concussion yeah you should have been
in a fucking hospital well I don't I mean if there's a cure for the mad science
I was dropping that shit sounds like mad science it sounds like God has Alzheimer's
I said I said my name is angle slice Lee angle so it's about but angle slice
Lee I don't know you should have been in the fucking hospital well I feel fine and
I mean did you cut yourself no no there was no blood it didn't really hurt
hurt I mean what do you have a knot on your head like yeah no I don't there's
nothing it didn't hurt I just kind of lucked out did you land on your head it
sound like yeah like a well you hit I mean I don't think I landed just on I
think I probably landed like on my butt yeah yeah smack yeah I feel like if I die
it'll be getting out of the shower or stairs but like I have big feet and
stairs are way too small when I was a kid I put like a sleeping bag over my
head so I could like crawl around like a worm like nightcrawlers or whatever right
and I I was crawling up the stairs and I slipped and fell backwards down the
stairs in a sleeping bag and man I can remember the sound of my head hitting
that tile it echoed in my head and then around the room you know it was bad and
I've been depressed since I think that is when everything changed that's your
origin story yeah yeah that's your spider-man spider bite yeah the next day
I had a beard it was crazy and you had you had multi-sided dice that used to be
just like a weird like a shitty Harvard stockbroker yeah like you were like a
character from the boiler room yeah I just but late night so a play night
crawl yeah I got I got jumped by a guy in San Diego maybe I told the story
before on the show I got like attacked by a dude and my head hits the pavement
and I'll never forget the sound of your head that sound a sidewalk it's a gross
sound it sounds like dead yeah no it sounds like someone died but you know
it's you making the sound in that moment there was another crisis going on there
was still a guy attacking me but in my in my head I was like oh did I just are
my brains oh like gonna fall out of my head yeah you don't you don't know what's
happening other than some the worst thing it doesn't sound like a crack it's
something a crack and like like a like a a fissure and an end a break yeah a
break in life yeah that like this is it I died right pavement in San Diego that's
how it sounded yeah that it's all it's sick I mean it really yeah it makes me
sick I actually will bar from yeah I know because I had a cousin and I was
like put in charge of him when I was like eight and he was like four or
something and he was going through this phase where he would like throw tantrums
and hit his head on stuff until people really wanted but I was eight so it was
like can't don't kid a kidder like like but I was like don't get took them took
them for a walk and we walk past a candy store and he was like candy candy I was
like you can't I'm eight I could buy you any candy I'm fucking broke like you like
you know like we're fucking kids together here I'm just bigger than you
that's it like I ain't got no money like like and then and then he just like got
down on the sidewalk and started hitting his head on it and I was just like what
I was like okay how do you take how do you how do you parent and I was like my
parents walk away whacking his head on the pavement oh yeah kids do that my
little brother doing and I was I was like he's bluffing you got to call the bluff
and I walked like a half a block and I look back and he was still going at it
and like I did talk to him when he was like 20 and I was like are you all
right he's a firefighter I mean we need those great I worked out but it's
arguable that he wouldn't have chosen that job if I mean it's a dangerous job
right maybe that's how firefighters get created wish they're like yeah they're
like doing like there's something incredibly dangerous like it's the face
pavement pounding of jobs yeah well I tell you're looking at it like that's
just in his in his I'm saying like maybe he maybe he damaged the part of his
brain that's like you got to get out of a burning building I think you're not
supposed to go in we do need people to go in to put the fires out kid that does
that and a person you're welcome and a person that a person that chooses that
job as a person that's okay with eternity like he made his piece that day
on the outside the candy store yeah he's like death means nothing to me if I
had coddled him he would have grown up to be like what a candy thief or something
or a candy store owner maybe I am a candy thief yeah you are yeah I was
fucking doing a play in Whittier and me and Morgan Muchnick we're a freshman in
high school and we're waiting for Morgan Muchnick was his name it probably
still is and we were we're hanging out waiting for his mom to pick us up and
drive us back home to South Whittier and we leaned against the door of the
liquor store and it opened so we fell into an open empty closed liquor store
and we stole all the candy yeah we had little like sports like like dance bags
like for our leg warmers or whatever we fucking had I don't know and we it was
leg warmers and we just took all the starburst all the skittles all the damn
and all the and we look we I think we thought still a couple of nudie mags like
like tip mags we've got a couple of those and I said the cash registers right
here and Morgan Muchnick wisely said I don't think we should do that too real
yeah that's that that puts it over the edge yeah grand larceny yeah we're 15
years old but still that puts it into like a like burglary yeah so we saw
all the candy and we had a duffel bags filled with candy and for the next three
weeks at high school we were hot shit that's gonna cheer leaders like hey who
was some starburst up in the we were drug dealers and we had something's like
how do you have all those candy or and we just pretend like we were rich yeah
wow all right I we were just larceny I mean another I made another composition
oh whoa I'm excited about this they're all starting to sound the same kind of
but you're finding your voice well maybe yeah well so did George Harrison it
sounds like another public domain thing but I think I do have temp temp lyrics
for it that I can present after I hear it again but
yeah wait no wait yeah wait sing a song to it he has temp lyrics I got I got I have
to remember the hold on I thought okay yeah it's like a one four five kind of
thing let's do it's a men's style creation around it no I was the worst it
was good I liked it I had a fun time I feel like I'm gonna forget it like wall
um I thought I like why wouldn't okay you're getting stage fright well I'm just
I feel like I'm gonna forget the lyrics while I'm maybe I what you know what I
can do don't don't think about the lyrics just just be be there but you got to
understand their temporary lyrics okay right like you know like I don't want
any guff about like oh those lyrics aren't they don't sound very refined
where's the so you guys know but like Dan he writes temp lyrics or he writes
temp dialogue and then he comes back later and actually like rewrites it good
just to get it so that's part of the process is is temping stuff it's
important let me make sure this will play in the background no it won't wait
huh come oh man I thought garage being had a setting where you could you could
play they could have it play in the background that's probably only the iPad
version oh yeah okay let me try to remember the lyrics but they're temp
okay they're placeholder they have question marks all over them welcome to
Harmontown won't you lick my balls and after that we can have a little chat
well mankind falls it's been said that we're all the dead wait no fuck I fight
wait I forgot I'm liking I'm liking this you're really yeah then too harm in
town won't you lick my balls and after that we can have a little chat well
mankind falls it said that before we're dead we'll see our species die welcome to
Harmontown I'll try not to cry something like that yeah I I I know I
know courtesy applause when I hear it because I know you're here for our
guests and so am I they're a delight we have we have flown them in fresh for
you like Maine lobster in a chest of ice so that you can enjoy them here in
the desert they're still chilled and and still people yeah they're in my
opinion I think they're the Goldilocks of true crime podcasting it doesn't have
to be your opinion I just think that it's been years since we had the my
favorite murder girls on and those years for me have been filled with just
endless true crime listening and Cody and I and Tahiti we kind of like hit this
point where we had run out of of true crime podcast like the four or five that
we were listening to kind of binging they all ran out at the same time and we
so we listened to like probably what felt like hundreds and hundreds of
different people and just judging and sneering and bullying their speech
impediments and whatever you know just like bonding over that selection
process and then we just found this this these two British ladies and and I'm
just so thrilled that they turned out to be willing to to come out here and talk
to us so please welcome our new friends Hannah and Saruti from the Red
Handed podcast anywhere you want perfect perfect I forgot to plug in help
yourself to some vodka at any point there's glasses over here
you guys you killed it in karaoke last night you're lying but thank you you
were great you were very good oh yeah I'm the best
Saruti laid down some fucking TLC obviously yeah had to be done song that
needs to be sung and no scrubs yeah no scrubs she has you have a hard line
against scrubs yeah no scrubs no scrubs and then you did Peggy Lee Hannah I did
yeah I love Peggy she's a big huge fan and they were quite a nice easy one for
karaoke I think it's pretty pretty level yeah it was very good thank you and you
guys hiked up to the Hollywood sign today huge mistake yeah we hiked up to
the summit of Mount Hollywood by accident it really was pretty bad yeah
and there's one true crime story associated with the Hollywood sign pig
and whistle hurled herself off of one of the letters when it was still Hollywood
land right yeah I was kind of like looking at Jeff I thought Jeff for some
reason I know who is that what's her what's the person actor 19 it was like
1930 something she jumped off the I don't know did she stand on the top of the
actual letters if she didn't it doesn't really count as jumping off the
Hollywood yeah it doesn't but yeah I used to walk up there back in the day
where before like there was a motion sensor like security and you could hike
up there and you could just hang out and have a drink under the last o on
Hollywood it was very good and now if you go up there you just get killed oh
yeah we saw a coyote like a real one huh yeah I've never seen one before in my
daily aggressive fire displaced coyotes they're so jungle girls they're so bold
now I keep seeing them this last year I swear to God when you drive your car
by or something or you come out by your car like they'll come up to people like
like a domesticated dog like happy to see people and it's like this is this is
gonna be bad because like they're gonna get hit by cars or they're gonna eat
everyone's dogs or something but if you yell at a coyote they'll go away but
what they're gonna do is eat your neighbor's cat right I'm for real like
like you'll like if you live in Las Feliz or like near the park you'll just
hear the sound of there's a family of them I story right in that like there's a
bramble of things right on the other side of that wall in my backyard that's a
fucking I actually need to talk to you about this because a you're on the payroll
this falls to you really yeah and be you're famous on this podcast for having
like prepped a coyote fighting method oh yeah I've been out there come at me I do
yell stuff at him now I like open my window and go go like like yeah fuck
you I like I go fuck it off like I just like yell at him so Rudy and Hannah did
you see wildlife today we saw we saw the one coyote but as soon as we took our
phones out that was enough it ran away and we saw some signs about rattlesnakes
but no actual rattlesnakes yeah which is good because she had sandals on it's
called to their hybrid inning right now but they're there they love it there's
that's true yeah yeah what's the most dangerous non-human life form in London
Theresa May is there like like like like here I would say like within Los
Angeles city limits like the brown recluse or something like that like a
spider that if it bites you you could like necrotize and lose your foot do
you have anything in London that's like a creepy crawly that could like kill you
hurt you hospitalize you badges they're not badgers yeah TB they've got TB and
they don't stop fighting you until they hear your bones crack oh they've got TB
you have badgers that Rome London yeah we've got badgers foxes the foxes are a
bit more like I've seen the foxes of them walking on the road and fucking
short it yeah there's a fucking fox that takes balls to be a fox and walk
through London oh yeah that's like where they I mean like that's where they
invented like the the fox hunt yeah well it's illegal now yeah yeah but I mean
still the foxes don't know that I mean there it is like it must be in their
DNA that you're not supposed to go near like Buckingham Palace the case the
Queen rides out on your steed there's probably what do they call what kind of
horn do fox hunters blow bugle yeah bugle is it a bugle or they were the
really long one I'm not sure if I know what the name is a flugel horn flugel
horn flugel horn moving on moving on to true crime okay but yeah well so I did
to ask the reddit the subreddit you know do you guys have anything you'd want to
know from these ladies I would say like a large share of the questions circle
around the theme of is it traumatizing toxifying anxiety inducing is it fucking
you up in any way to be constantly thinking about people getting murdered
and researching it and all that stuff and I I mean do you want to speak to that
first I don't think we know yet what the damage is being done we'll find out in
like maybe five years it's like Wi-Fi is probably giving us herpes or something
exactly wow it's just like lying dormant right now damage we're doing what was
the the impetus like what brought you into that into the world of true crime
podcasting so we met at a party at Hannah's house we didn't know each other
two years ago and kind of like what you and Cody were doing down we would just
listen to other true crime podcast and we were like that's alright and then when
we met we were like we could do this we should we should start a restaurant we
should start a podcast cupcake business exactly and then I left that party
thinking I'll never see that guy but what's the allure for because I think
it's a lot of women listen to of true crime podcast is it because well what
is the alert with a prey aren't we so often and I think it's quite good to I
don't know I think it's just we're just morbidly fascinated somebody left us a
really negative review saying it's like you're morbidly fascinated yeah we are
there is kind of like you know there was there was that throughout the the reddit
thread like there were people who delved into that question of like you know
wanting to know about the gulery of it all if that's a word but and there was
one there was one post in particular it was like all the way like crazy how are
you simultaneously like a Tyler Durden the edge lord and anti true crime like
where they were like like ask them how they can stomach being the perpetuators
of blood whatever it was like it was like somebody that was like really just
wanted to shame the genre and I don't I don't think it's a righteous genre at
all I told you guys when we had dinner the other night like like among the many
like almost innumerable variables that that I like go to with in my head as a
true crime listener you guys are just sort of at the sweet spot of all of them
and that especially includes this spectrum between the kind of the gulery
like where you're just like actually like into how bad things happen to good
people and you're kind of like on the bad things side and then the other end of
the spectrum is this this compulsion that a lot of true crime podcasts have
especially lately where it's like they you can tell they kind of feel bad about
what they're doing to the point where they they're now kind of contorting their
language to make it seem like they're a public service like this is about
remembering the victims and a stuff I'm like yeah that's not a bad thing or
anything but like really do we do we is it would it be so bad if we were just we
were just fascinated with horrible things like in this like unhealthy way
that we were kind of fixated on it is that really such a bad thing and do you
guys ever have conversations about that with yourselves about like what are we
is this a healthy thing we're doing is this is this unhealthy in a good way is
it healthy in a bad way like what like where do you put yourselves in relation
to the the the karma of it all I think that and for me personally I'm just
fascinated with people and I think that's why true crime is so popular
because I'm always quite wary of people who describe killers as monsters I
think that's quite dangerous language because you're separating them from
yourself but actually you're just as capable as of doing that as that you
have all of the same stuff that they do really it's just a separate version of
events that have led them to that point and that's what I think is interesting
yeah but I know what you mean I think like it's important to not victim blame
and give like name the victims and stuff because I think it's quite easy to just
like reel off a list of like a body count and not identify them as people
yeah for my money I just draw though I don't what I don't like to hear and I've
never ever since I was binge watching forensic files before there were true
crime podcasts I I know I always hated it when the implication which was an
implication that is kind of the bread and butter of those old-school true crime
television shows the implication that you kind of deserve bad things to happen
to you if you leave your television set if you go out into the world like like
wrong place wrong time I've ranted about that like just that that underlying
religion of like well you shouldn't have gotten to that trucker's cab like I don't
care how like risky the behavior is like no one yeah I just personally for lazy
selfish reasons I don't want to live in a world where anyone ever deserves
anything bad to happen to them because I feel like it's bad shit's gonna happen
to me and people are gonna I just I'm not like the brightest bulb in the drawer
when it comes to like minimizing risk so I like I just it's okay to say that was
probably gonna happen because you engage in that high-risk behavior but but to
there's some kind of line there where like shows will imply almost that what
did you expect and you guys don't do that but at the same time you're very much
not you're very funny and profane and almost like so I mean you're you're
you're you you make jokes about the the the the victims behavior and one thing
that comes to mind like the the girl who disappeared from the cruise ship that
episode and you guys just sort of like you're making like jokes about like like
who are these people and like the kinds of reactions they're having to their to
their their family member going missing and I remember just being like like this
skirts the line perfectly for me this is my taste exactly because you weren't
like their pieces of shit for having a bad thing happened to them you're just
sort of questioning their their their judgment in the aftermath like what how
the cruise ship is handling it how they're handling it all that stuff like
it Dan do you have a question no I have a point to that though because I would
say that the reason I mean instinctively we wouldn't be the kind of people that
would victim blame it just feels grubby and it feels wrong but also we're
definitely well I'm definitely the kind of person that constantly puts myself in
situations in which I should probably end up being murdered I do enjoy
hitchhiking I've done it several times you like your crime because you're going
to be a topic at some point immerse yourself in the day I get murdered will
be your best episode it you really hitchhike still I have hitchhiked like
like thumb on the road like standing on the road and not thumb that's a bit old
school it's bit cliche it's Venmo now exactly how do you how do you moderate
hitchhike was not you stand there and then you wait until somebody comes up in
a car and I would say every time that I have hitchhiked I have absolutely
had to do it there's been no categorically false this is a runner at
the show so Rudy refuses to stop I picked up I picked up I've picked up a
couple hitchhikers in my life and where I was certain I was going to be murdered
by the hitchhiker I got a hitchhiker one time and the guy left my car and he
got out of the car and he said thank you and he said to me words I'll never
forget he said don't take any wooden pussy I don't know what it means but I
have lived by that law since 1994 I've never taken any wooden pussy I will say
there is a disturbing like undercurrent of like oh I'm preparing for the day
that like this is gonna happen to me like we're women we're the prey because
like when I went Cody like we're early on in our relationship I think I've like
like bullied her out of like expressing it or something because you can see how
much it upsets me like but that the the that that concept of like I'm I'm
prepared for the day I encounter one of these like monsters like like I'm good
like Cody saying like I like and she's confiding in me so nobody judge her
this is her talking to her fiance that and not knowing he's gonna like podcast it
but like like confiding a feeling like when we're talking about what we get
out of this genre like Cody confiding was feeling that like one of these days
one of these situations is gonna happen to me and I'm gonna nail it you know and
I honestly like I mean it makes me angry because I I'm like stop it stop
saying that like just like be terrified all the time like don't don't get cocky
like I can't like it's the worst feeling in the world is that the thing for
women let that love true crime podcast or in your love of it because like well
if I walk into an elevator and a guy gets in the elevator with me I'm not I'm
not afraid right if I walk through a parking garage like a garage like a
parking lot and if I hear footsteps behind me I don't think I'm going to get
raped or murdered but I think that's kind of the neutral setting for all
women right oh yeah it's like a perpetual state of danger right on your
toes so you is that part of why you do what you do and what why that's a
fascination of the murder thing because murder is always an option every time
you walk out the door no no for women get killed all the time by their
boyfriends when they go jogging yeah it's definitely true but then I think like yeah
I don't know if that is the impetus I feel like all women probably feel that
way so they'd all be running true crime podcast though you know sometimes it
does feel like everyone is but I think it's more just I've just always been
interested in it I'm just the kind of person I like like to go look for what
is the most disturbing film the most disturbing book like Dan Carlin from
hardcore history kind of comes back to the idea that people are fascinated by
the extremes of the human experiences I think the word he uses it's like that's
why what war is it's like what drives a society to like throw people at other
people until like one of them explodes or something you know and so it's like
that is like it's so far afield from our normal lives that's it's somehow
fascinating like you said it's like we all have the same DNA and stuff so it's
like what what separates us from these people that live this extreme version and
and that is fascinating maybe I think so and I think it's always we get feedback
from people saying oh that episode was too gory or too violent but they are
categorically our best-performing episodes and some people like I will
swear on the show like not because we're trying to offend anyone it's just how
I just how fucking talk right so I think so people will say I just can't I can't
stand this swearing but I was okay but like listening to a description of a
body being cut up you're fine with right it is weird to be what people's
dealbreakers turn out to be yeah I think it you guys have such like grace and
poise and maybe that's like maybe 40% of that is just Americans think all
British people have grace and poise but like I'll take it but but I mean it's a
it's an audio format so the accents are like a huge part of what's for sale I
like listening to these voices and but you guys have this sort of confidence to
you even though you're dealing with these are really like gray areas especially
in this time when I feel like I'll just speak for myself like I feel I can't I
feel like every time I open my mouth I'm just in a minefield and all I can do is
just fuck up like as little as possible but so it's kind of nice listening to
you guys like you're you're you're you're smart and and and like you're here
when when when the conversation sometimes goes into these areas of like
about society about like culture things that could be construed as possibly
politics although I think it's a shame that that these things are called
politics these days things like the incel when we did when you did the Elliot
Roger thing I just it was such a beautifully concise like I think it was
you Saruti like kind of like ran down just really quickly like what what is an
incel what is the deal with this and like like it was so it made me feel more
in control of a of this quagmire just listening to you guys like as eyes in
like like talking about it I don't I again I have no questions I'm a bad
interview but but but the Reddit people have have have questions I the some of
which actually tickled me oh I but thank you also here's a huge service you
provide I urge this is a call to action like everyone has to stop endorsing the
lie detector like I love that every time there's a lie detector involved in an
investigation guys specifically stop and make a point of how lie detectors are
horseshit and that no one should ever consent to a lie detector test like
whether you're guilty innocent whatever the larger crime is lie detectors being
taken seriously everyone just refused them because they're just like the
beat does not that would get a bigger applause that was a weird applause break
there I mean I really like it's my it's my big I guess that that in the 911 call
I guess I do have this like hang up about like what's the 911 call well just
that idea of like everyone gets judged for their 911 oh how crazy they sound
you know she sounds weird she sounds so robotic she's like a mannequin like she
must be guilty like I just live in terror of is like I'm gonna something's gonna
happen to Cody and I'm gonna like call 911 and people are gonna listen forever
to my 911 call he was so calm yeah I have a feeling that it would hold I do
think that if something happened to one of you guys I might know where the Dan
during his 911 call about Cody he just kept talking about Chevy Chase why why
would he do that I don't like I don't like that because just like like because
you could say you could justify any narrative and it would make sense because
people are fucking crazy and do all sorts of crazy shit so like I don't know
is it Amanda Knox or whatever she did like flips or whatever and they're like
that's what she do she was innocent it's like that's what you do is we're
guilty it's like yeah both of those are true what I mean what we're just that's
an idea you had okay that doesn't mean anything yeah dingo baby lady yeah
exactly dingo baby crying the dark was it no so this lady and her baby got
eaten by a dingo is it crying the dark was the phone call maybe yeah and no one
believed her because she was too sort of stoic yeah and he just kept talking
about how dingo's eat me and it was like a dingo my baby yeah exactly and then
she went to prison and then they found the baby skeleton in a dingo's nest so
yeah that's the thing is just because people are just putting weird
narratives from their own baggage on someone going through Christ I mean
that's why Dan probably feels uncomfortable yeah judgment yeah exactly
it's particularly judgment about like how you're weird how you talk weird how
you act weird let's do it let's do it that someone did suggest to this is in
the reddit they said do a 9-1-1 role play exercise and I'm not sure how to do
it but because the two things are like if you're on night the two things you
hear on every 9-1-1 caller if the person is like
neurotypical in their reaction like in other words they're like screaming
they're in hysterics oh my god this horrible thing is happening what is
the what is the thing that the 9-1-1 operator immediately says I need to
calm down yeah ma'am I calm down I need a couple like like it's so like it's so
predictable and I why does she need to calm down she's screaming here's my
address there's a headless body in my driveway it's okay for her to not be
calm she's giving you every piece of interest it's also okay for her to be way
too calm because there's a shock factor yeah but then when she does that then
she's a suspect like it God forbid that they all right so how do we do yeah I
don't know what to what I don't know who's gonna be 9-1-1 Jeff someone should
be 9-1-1 and then someone else I think we just go okay let's do it this way
hmm because it's like why don't we make it like the game of werewolf where we
secretly pick one of us is is is a murderer okay and then we'll do a
series of 9-1-1 calls and and and and you guys will determine which of us is
that sounds great let's do that I think I think Spencer should be the the
dispatch like the 9-1-1 person okay okay so like like so how do we yeah that's
what I don't we got to figure that part out okay what did Dave find my personal
plan can you come up here for a moment everybody my personal trainer Dave
Klein nimble is a mountain goat I ran into him at the drawing room and he
became my trainer that's all day okay so Dave what I'm gonna ask you to do is
just we're gonna close our eyes and then you're gonna tap one of us on the
head and that person will be the murderer so so all four of the me Hannah
Surici and I we all close our eyes yeah because I don't know how to exclude one
of you I don't have the heart to do that we're closing our eyes so we don't know
who Dave Kline is picking as the murderer no crimes now Dave Kline's gonna
gonna gonna touch them or somehow indicate to them that they're I'm gonna walk
around I'm gonna walk around everybody so you can't tell exactly right it's like
heads up seven yeah all right yeah did people play that game did people play
four corners does anyone remember four corners when I moved down here no one
played four corners and then people started playing and then everyone was
playing and I was like did I bring four corners down here and make sure you
exclude Spencer because he's gonna be the dispatch I'm just closing my eyes to
like sharing the group yeah that's that's good I might have invented four
quarters down here though it was a northern California thing there's four
square you got a murderer on your hands oh shit okay I'm opening my eyes okay so
we're good we're good to go right now so how do how do we start this oh if you
were poked just to be clear if you were poked on the right side of your rib
cage you're the murderer right all right okay how do we like how do I think
I who calls who wants to figure this out who wants to go first I think I could
start us off if we know who's going first okay well should we get like a
thumbnail of the murder though so that we're all doing the same so that are
the same crime like we just need like like what like a cause of death your
spouse is is decapitated on the kitchen floor okay it's there and you're
calling 911 decapitated spouse so if you murdered them you decapitated them I
think eventually the audience I guess I guess not you guys cuz maybe Dave
Klein can guess because I didn't see well yeah I thought people would like me
being smart thank you for helping us thanks for being nice to me I need it
actually this is a collaborative effort we are making this up okay all right so
yeah and the prospect here is that we're gonna try to do the murder is gonna
try to sound like a murder doesn't make a lot of sense no it's like they're all
gonna we're all gonna be lying because we don't have a it's a it doesn't make
any sense no no it's good hold on hold on hold on let's say a police officer
first we wait it's first I don't like this first week we all make a 9-11 call
a 9-1-1 call yeah or in England isn't it just ollie ollie oxenfree or what
999 999 999 yeah that's got a result in a lot more false but dials right like I
think that's just a bunch of 9-1-1 it goes through to 999 because it's on TV
so that's nice interesting so first first everybody has to make a call
saying that a crime has been committed and they've seen a decapitated lady what
don't you get and then then I think Spencer after after you have been
dispatched here I think you are the lead detective in the like the first 48
kind of course I mean of course yeah so it's everybody gets sat down and you
have to make your first yeah we all get it yeah yeah what don't you get no no
the key to this game is you Hannah your your your background is in theater right
yeah yeah yeah Saruti you're you working like PR or like events like we're all
entertainers here so with those of us who aren't the murderers we just need to
be so fucking good and in the moment are you saying that you're not the murder
because you're the murderer whoa we need to be so in the moment we really do
believe that we found a body guys talking like a murderer right now
everyone hold on hold on 9-1-1 what's your emergency who's going I think this
is going order um I took my wife is dead sir can you calm down I don't know
there might be someone still in the house I don't know what she's dead on
the floor her head's detached she's where are you I'm in my house are you
safe I mean no I need your address to one one seven sir calm down is that a
seven I'm making up numbers it sounds like my real-life address so I freaked
out sir 9 0 0 7 a golden dale drive I believe that maybe my real address from
when I lived in Milwaukee okay we're sending we're sending there's so much
blood just tell me what happened please calm down your head came away from her
body I just came home I don't know there's blood everywhere and said the
floor Jesus Christ I'm getting out of the house I gotta get out of the house
if there might be someone I know that's not helping okay the cops are here I'm
gonna hang up their cops are here calm down they're pointing their guns at me
it's just my character was African-American I don't feel good drop
that phone oh boy alright round two should we go again yeah yeah I'm ready
9-1-1 what's your emergency are you sure it's closed yeah I just can't open
physically opens but I personally just can't open this actually this is not
an emergency is it oh Jesus oh fuck calm down okay open the door I'm
really I'm terrified of door handles okay please just take deep breaths and
tell me where you are that's why I've been asking you to calm down I just
can't touch it with my hand please send someone to open the door I think she's
really in trouble I need to know where you live for England London the universe
now can you slow down hold on what please calm down we can edit that out
London oh wow you said I'm sorry you said all right all right sounds good I'll
talk to you later American paramedics coming by steamboat like all the all
the boats are pulling over to the side of the Atlantic the same crime are we
still talking yeah it's a it's a it's a spouse on the floor but hey but shout
out to you yeah yeah okay and shout out to the dispatcher for not freaking out
going your wife you're a lady all right so so Ruchi you're on 9-1-1 not your
emergency I just came home and it appears that my husband's been
decapitated ma'am calm down no I don't think you understand it's quite a
situation we've got on our hands here I think you need to urgently send somebody
no I get you I get that now if you could give me your address and please just
remain calm I I feel like I'm being calm sir I don't appreciate you taking that
tone with me it's now I feel bad it's um it's 9-1-1
Fox Street now you're eerily calm eerily yeah you're choosing adjectives
there sir you can't just I'm writing this in the police report I write police
reports we're sending a dispatch now just stay on the line can you describe
the scene for me I did my my husband has been decapitated right I wasn't paying
attention it was just so unnerved by your calmness I would appreciate it if you
stop saying such things because this is being recorded and I'm sure when I
eventually go on trial for my husband's murder they will play a recording of this
at my trial so yeah stop biasing the jury wrong number click wrong number
all right does Dave go do I do I go I did Dave David I know murderer
yeah you said the murderer all right Dave like walks around that pokes himself only the audience knows no Jeff you
now you go 9-1-1 what's your emergency hey my name is Donnie mm-hmm I I'm a
manager at as borrows pizza this is 9-1-1 yeah yeah a friend of mine that
works here hasn't shown up for a couple days and I'm worried about him but I can
I file up as I want to file a missing person report sir you'll need to calm
down I'm just saying Johnny's number one on time he's always here first one and
the last one to leave and he's he's my favorite employee I just we've called him
we've called us home and when we've been to the house and just no no replies
one I feel like something bad has happened our lines are very important
and this doesn't sound like an emergency I'm gonna transfer you to police
services but please this is for imminent danger and people who are like on fire
and such okay you I'm worried about you I yeah thank thank you you know what
actually what do you need let's talk about I just want to find my my my
manager because I run a very successful borough pizza at the Chicago Midway
Airport and the guy the guy hasn't showed up alright what was his name his
name is Raul clack a clack a clack clack clack well it looks like he's live
streaming on Instagram what okay so that's good news yeah okay so he's alive
here's how you make a pizza what was that sound I'm gonna check on my haunted
closet I'm a Raul I'm moonlighting as a self-employed pizza maker don't tell my
boss oh my god scary sir you'll need to calm oh he's on the
phone it's on my phone I'm dying all right so now now I think we all have to
go into our first meeting with like the lead detective oh this is see this is
Jeff's idea okay yeah all right look I'm I'm not gonna slow down I'm sure you've
wondering why I've asked you all here are we all to a dinner mystery about the
crime in which you're all implicated were we all married to the same identical
murders to four identical doppelgangers it's all the same murder it's all it
was it's all the same and it's all the same murder it seems this event
converged multiple universes and I'm here to find out why now why was everyone
not calm or too calm explain your logic I was just in a panic I I was terrified
first for my wife and then for myself I ran out the door and the cops shot me
wow I just I really can't do door handles hmm a likely story what about
nobs nobs I can do but I have to do them with my elbows checks out and and
sorority or whatever your character's name was if it was different talk it
wasn't stiff stiff upper lip that's that's very suspicious I'm a
professional and I know these things I'll move on well I got an elbow I was
teaching yoga in Los Feliz baby I got 30 people that can tell you exactly what
I was doing we can went through a whole sun salutation situation yeah I had what
there was a lady let out a real loud juicy fart during Savasana everybody
remembers it well this is kind of unrelated actually you're just here
because you keep poking people in the side look I got real strict probation
situation all right you gotta poke three people every month yeah something like
that or it's back in the big time that's right checks out thanks Jeff what the
fuck I I I don't understand why I'm here I'd like to have a lawyer present
before I answer any question right actually though your friend just got
killed by a ghost right we saw we caught a live on film yeah I I run a very
successful pizza a likely story all right Spencer I'd like to lawyer I think
it's the murder I'm gonna guess Jeff I think it's probably sorority but that
seems too obvious well will the real murderer raise their hand well who's
she asked the audience what they know well let's ask the audience okay
everybody on the audience guess on three okay is that cool yeah okay one two
three I heard Spencer I did feel they saw they saw you tap me yeah I was the
murderer I really thought it was I just if I was ready I'm a master of game
theory you guys know about the Monty Hall problem the Monty Hall what I don't
know who's enjoying this but someone's gonna love this show here's a good here's
a question I I rather liked from the subreddit little little British talk is
that what you're laughing at because I said I rather liked isn't it just isn't
it just you're just saying because I'm interrupting with continuing my bad
interviewing it should be a brother all right come on my goal isn't to be
British in it I like this question I rather liked this question didn't I
just does anyone think that our generation being obsessed with true
crime will create better serial killers it's like we're all doing research on how
to get away with murder kind of a similar problem with antibiotics right
we're gonna make a superbug and I'm not sure whether true crime is a new
fascination like how how long is America's most want to be on television
but don't you think it's safe to say that well I mean that's a dumb leading
question I do do you do do we or do we not think that more people are kind of
forensically savvy than let's say 20 years ago I think we know what luminol
is we know so if you're so if you were gonna like fly into a rage and like
murder somebody or kill him for insurance like it's safe to say that you are
gonna maybe take extra steps being a serial killer would be a big step I
don't think many people would be serial killers just because they think they
could get away with it better right I think they're like the markets it's my
time now I'm so well educated in this but I think the average kind of killer
who like you know decapitates their spouse and then tries to call in I
think they probably are gonna be more sophisticated but then law enforcement
is constantly getting more sophisticated yeah and I think the pieces that people
are better at understanding now like luminol or you know DNA and things like
that but there's so many different parts to the investigation like when we
talked about like Chris Watts the guy who killed his wife and his kids that's
like a really recent case the number of unbelievably stupid things he does like
googling things making calls from his phone to like figure out where he can
dispose of his wife's body I'm like what were you what were you doing thinking
it just also seems like and I think this is especially true in London right like
there's just cameras everywhere like you can't not be a camera I mean the most
cc's TV'd city in the world yeah yeah it's true I think I don't know if this is
true anymore but at one point certainly I read that your call on cctv about 300
times a day in London right although a lot of places in London they it's
cheaper just to put a camera out in front of your place and not plug it in
like just to look like you have a cctv yeah absolutely that's really common so
there's there's loads of blind spots in London and people know exactly where
they are and if you're gonna get into a fight or commit a crime then they know
where the cameras aren't plugged in yeah I remember going to like an anarchist
website probably 20 years ago now where it was like you could you could plug two
locations in London into a like a map and it would show you the route where
you could stay off camera yeah just for them it was just a matter of principle I
guess I was at a casino in in Reno Nevada and a guy grabbed a friend of mine
this woman like grabbed her by the crotch like Trump style and because he's a
horrible human being right and I grabbed the guy and security came over and they
go if you want to kick his ass go to the parking lot and go to the right and
stand by this one thing because the cameras don't work there for a reason
that's where the security that's where they go and they fuck people up right
they got okay if you're gonna go deal with this guy here's where you here's
where you fucking go that there's cameras but it but those ones don't work
for a reason because that's what shit gets dealt with do you think that true
crime fans are more or less predisposed to like be wanting to commit crimes though
because I might believe like people with a bent for justice might be more prone
to do true crimes so then maybe they're less likely to even do these kinds of
crimes so then the kinds of people who like this stuff aren't the kinds of
people who are gonna use it to get away from crimes I don't know talking
talking hey guys like like I've read a bunch of like true crime stuff and
fictional crime stuff and what the police always say is smart people are
the first ones to get caught hmm because they think that they know what
they're doing well like and they and they also think that they can't get caught
and also what because they're smart when presented with evidence and logic
they're they go oh you've got me stupid people get away with it because stupid
people don't see logic and just don't fucking care well did you got well here
and and and here's where the the the tween meet did you is this name is Josh
Powell is that the the the pow the Powell guy that I think he was Mormon by the
way Mormons we got to talk like like like listening to true crime it's like
like yeah I will put a pin in that but the the the Powell guys this is the guy
who drove out to the drove out somewhere came back without his wife in Utah and
then like forever they're investigating him and then he eventually the two
kids he he killed them like and set his house on fire you guys know what I'm
talking about yeah the cold podcast that that guy like he he he had seen a true
crime case like in Utah or something there was some comparable case that he
was documented as having studied basically and the lesson that his not
entirely bright mind but incredibly sociopathic mind had learned was simply
don't lie as like like like tell as few lies as possible if you if you're gonna
invent a person for instance that like killed your spouse in the alley don't
don't say you don't you didn't see their face don't say you saw it and that they
were Latino and they were wearing a fedora like it you're gonna the more
details you give the more you're gonna get cornered and caught the guy was just
it was like he was like the it was childish the way he like the cops sat him
down and guzzled there they're just like the cops were almost addicted to shame
and the part of the perpetrator where they're like well this is the part where
we corner you and you eventually like just admit that you can't lie anymore
but he just he had like this weird superpower where he was like yeah yeah I
guess I guess you're I guess that does sound crazy and then just silence and
they're like and and he's like and nothing and he kind of any just that he
found the the the it reminded me a lot of Donald Trump's effect on like like the
media and things where it was just like we're not we're we don't know how to
deal with this we've never had someone just like would know they're not smart
they're not stupid they're just he just like went through like he just didn't he
just said as little as possible and then just sat there and he he got away with
it until he and then he let him kill himself and his kid anyways like like
that we used to say because there was a that's many people asking that question
how do you how would you how would you get away with murder having studied all
this stuff the answer used to be have a boat I don't think that's true at all
they're covered with cameras everyone that's the new way to solve a crime have
a boat it was good before there was cameras everywhere now now the answer is
just don't actually like like as long as you can actually get rid of the body
like like don't just say nothing like and let it get used to the feeling of
everyone pointing at you and screaming murderer but that just react to that like
man and then I'll have a sandwich like and then like our society it doesn't
know what to do with that person right I think in terms of like how to get away
with murder if we're going there and someone not connected you to you in
any way that's how you do it and then also what I would do and is if you inject
someone who's not diabetic with insulin they have a heart attack okay we should
cut this out it's very easy to get insulin that's crazy and it's naturally
occurring in the human body so they don't test for it hell yeah we're fucking
solving problems on her that's crazy that leads to a question I've always I've
always kind of had about true crime or a crime in general which is like do we
think that there's a and I don't know if the term should be serial killer or not
but like yeah I guess it should be like do we how do I how do I phrase this
question is there a is there a fringe of incredibly successful serial killers
who are so like good at what they do that they have body counts in astronomical
numbers and will never be caught and have never been caught or is it like no
we just we catch them eventually you know what I mean I don't know how to
phrase the question it's sort of like most of the time I think they do realize
that it's a serial hopefully but I do also think serial murders are the
hardest to solve we talk about it's quite a lot on the show because they do do
exactly what Hannah just said they kill people that they don't know there's no
connection and no connection between the victims no connection between them and
the victim so it's really hard for them to connect the dots and realize and I
think there are definitely serial killers out there with huge huge head
counts head counts well that's not the body counts especially if they've been
killing people that societies and care about right and if they're really good
we don't know prostitutes die all the time and that's what lots of serial in
LA there's like a serial killer that's just been like busting homeless people's
heads and then it just kind of like he killed a bunch of people and then
stopped and people were just like yep don't know what happened and like that
proud person might be still doing it family that's that's banging down the
doors on the police station saying like follow up on this right nobody cares
even when there is sometimes the thing is if it's like we've talked about cases
where the victims are sex workers and they're the narrative will be oh well
no one was looking for them or no one was telling the they were there were they
had you know mothers and fathers and sisters and social workers telling the
police to look but the thing is serial killer investigations are so expensive
and it's resourcing and it's about who how much was this person worth to
society right not a whole lot yeah if she's if she's a blonde rich girl then
then there's more like traction on that and there's also that element of victim
blaming like Dan was talking about the start in terms of well what do you expect
you were you were homeless or you were a sex worker or you were doing this so it
was bound to happen eventually this was inevitable yeah and I think that there's
definitely an element of that so I think definitely there are serial killers out
there with huge body counts that we haven't tracked down because of who they
were killing and where they're doing it as well like it's a communication between
police department that's the truck driver thing right like that guy that was
just or that guy might still be not caught right like isn't there some
American like truck driver guy they think he's a truck driver sure there's
loads that just like they're starting to put the thing together like the idea
that this person has just been murdering like what do they call them lot
lizards I don't know what the term is for the like the the sex workers that
frequent like truck stops and things like that hitchhikers and things like and
that you just like if you they just study the jurisdictions and they go this
these investigations will never be yeah they will never be related to in any
single investigators mine I think of one thing I'd love to add to that those
and more and more now those we talked about it on a couple of episodes with
the DNA stuff now people just giving all of their DNA to these private companies
and then they're put into publicly searchable databases the police can
search through them and then they caught the Golden State killer last year yeah
I don't know how I feel about that at all it's crazy it's it's absolutely
impossible to have a conversation where your anti-catch a horrible predator you
can't come down against that but it I never predicted that this would happen I
always predicted that we would have a point as a society where we got to have
an increasingly difficult debate right we've never done any of that for any
technology we we we I always I remember when they started putting chips in cats
yeah like my cat had a microchip in it and I was like where's this going and it
was it was it was safe to have that because they were like thinking about
well let's do that on prisoners too and that way you wouldn't even need as many
bars the chip is the bar like just like but and they always start with house
pets and prisoners and then our children because we love our children we
don't anything bad to happen to them and then like civil liberties start
increasingly and and so all of a sudden one day the Golden State killers caught
and then it was almost like a footnote that by the way the way he was caught was
this incredibly like way too late to have a debate about it or Wellie and
threshold we've crossed where because we all want to know how much Neanderthal
we have in us we swap our cheeks and send it to these services and then
somewhere along the way everyone just it's like oh holy shit you can just I
how do we feel about that conflicted I think because yeah you have the the
success stories of like the Golden State killer and now they're running the DNA
for like the Zodiac killer and they're like we're gonna get him and all this
and yeah cool but then like the stories that are missed is there are so many
articles about particularly when we were reading about the Golden State killer
and we did that case about the 40 year old case the bodies in the barrel the
bear yeah and when we were doing the research for that I read an article
about a guy who was a high school teacher there had been a couple of rapes
in the town that he was living in and he he had his his data his DNA was in the
database they said it was him they arrested him they took him in they held
him didn't charge him turns out it was like his nephew or something and by the
time they were able to identify who it really was his life is over he can't be
a teacher anymore even if he's proven not to be anybody really want him around
their kids anymore I don't know I mean you can you could you could I mean I
think Trump's gonna win in 2020 on the slogan no collusion oh he's going to win
and then I just thought it's kind of I didn't expect that I said I guess we're
a little worn out also there was no way that the more report was going to be
what anybody wanted he's right I just left that idea that it was like that's
the big triumph is it gonna be like remember when you thought I was a
Russian agent I wasn't yeah like it's like I like Ike it's just sort of it's
a little bit more of a negative society when you're doing there I am not a
crook wasn't Nixon's slogan right it was a thing he said while he was being
forced out of society it was a thing he said it was before he was a protest before
he resigned it was an impotent like plaintiff whale you don't have to resign
now you can be a complete asshole and get reelected he's going to be reelected
sorry anyway that did remind me of one thing I would never look at this
podcast reviews but I did look at yours because I was just curious and you guys
got a flood this fucking pissed me off like I like you guys got a bunch of one
star reviews that were people that your Central Park five episode going like I
used to like this podcast but I didn't know it was gonna be about shaming the
American president oh yeah he wasn't president when he became famous for
taking out a full he's part of a true crime story right he's part of the
story like we got I think we got one in the UK as well this guy really all these
big girls do you talk about Trump all the time this happened 30 years ago why
is he being brought he's in the story like what you want me to do it's like a
fun knife that stabbed someone then became a senator later it was there it's
part of the story I mean it's not like you guys like take a big break and go
like by the way here's what we hate about America it was like I just thought
it was so amazing that but there was like yeah there was like like clearly a
big cluster of people are like one star and particularly for people who are
like I used to like you and then I found out that you that you don't like it when
people try to kill people with so glad you enjoyed 79 hours of pre-content
before you yelled at us right yeah one thing yeah but it's fine but I also do
that I will start listening to show if they say one thing I don't I know it's
almost uplifting that they that someone from that demo couldn't get through all
those episodes because I it's just an it's just an anglophile thing if I hear
an English accent I assume you hate me and I'm not even I'm as liberal as the
day is long but I like I'm just like well they would think I was tacky I mean
listen to them they sound like James Bond I like J.K. Rowling on Twitter is
fucking hilarious and someone said like because she like outed like gay
characters she just recently confirmed that a Dumbledore and Grindelwald had
all sorts of crazy nasty sex yeah but like do you guys hear about this yeah
yeah and someone heard they did they cannon didn't in a dumpster behind
Hogwarts Hogwarts has a dumpster yeah that's what's so weird it's like she's
trying to make all these characters gay but it's like it's getting really thin
these justifications I don't think there was a dumpster she's less into
magic and we're into this PC agenda hot meat sure but a dumpster it's weird
somebody somebody treated her like I I I found out that you're into gay culture
and like I took all I have all your movies I took all the CDs out and I'm
gonna burn them on my lawn and on the lawn yeah and J.K. Rowling tweeted back
said that's great because the fumes are toxic and I have your money
fuck you can I ask a true crime oh yeah go ahead it's just like okay so I don't
do true crime a lot but it feels like there might be if you could just
separate it there's like there's crimes that are kind of solved and there are
the details and then there's crimes where you don't have all the details do
you prefer one or the other is both part of it is one more fascinating because I
don't know I was thinking that it's like part of it's like the search for
truth it's like the unknown is there and can I piece it together but there's
another part that's like oh here's all the details and maybe I can own all
these details and use that knowledge which is kind of the opposite of like a
search for truth in the void I don't know does that mean anything yeah I think
like in terms of the cases that we do a episode every week possibly misguidedly
but we're here now and so time-wise we've just got to keep turning them out
everything has to be ready to go on Tuesday night and so what we really want
to do is do a long-form show about one particular case like a Dr. Death or a
happy face or something like that and where we have the time to like properly
investigate and get a lot more and a lot more of the details together but
primarily what we're doing on red-handed is storytelling so it's just finding
finding what we can and piecing together the story right how do you find them
like what's your like your like source for like picking your topic I mean the
internet hell yeah and I mean linked to that question I really enjoy the ones
where there's not all the details out there and we can piece it together and
interpret it in a different way but I think it just comes down to time yeah
we'll text each other something I'm like I need an easy one this week and by that I mean there's a
whole shit ton of documentaries out there and there's all this information I
can read it put it together and it's like I said we're not doing an
investigative podcast we're doing a storytelling one with our opinions in
there so it's just time but the interest is really with the ones where
there's not that much out there right that's what I'm more captivated by
myself but again I'm not a huge fan so I was wondering yeah all right sorry Dan
do you think the guy from the the staircase do you think that dude that
killed her or his son killed her what do you think about that one what's his
name Peterson Peterson yeah Jordan Peterson I don't know I don't know yeah I
don't know either I'm on the fence I'm afraid I actually yeah it's weird because
it's like I remember I was there's an old forensic files where it's just like
plain and simple like when I can't even remember now yeah I think they're the
old forensic files it's just like this is a story about a guy who pushed his
wife down the stairs and tried to act like he didn't we got him through
forensics and that was like the 90s or something and then there was the whole
documentary and like there's yeah it's I'm whipped back and forth all over the
place every time that story I think he and the son did it I think he and he and
the kid let's do some other classics so that somebody asked in the
subreddit what about Madeline McCann we get this all the time they just they just
want us to talk about Madeline McCann because she's British talk about yeah
yeah but I don't know I feel like Madeline McCann was a guy I don't know
everybody knows yeah yeah Madeline McCann was a four-year-old girl she was on
she's British she was on holiday with her two parents in Portugal they were
doctors by the way yeah that's an important part of the story and then they are
like you know having a good time they'd like go have dinner every night in this
restaurant with their friends and leave the kids in the apartment unlocked or
unlocked or on their own and then they'd be like it's just like having dinner in
the garden but it's like it's fucking far like it's not like having dinner in
your garden and then one night they go to so they basically do a rotor of one of
the people having tapas going and checking on all the kids every like 15
minutes and they go in the room and then Madeline's gone but then her brother
and sister asleep in the room too and so really it's either she wandered out and
she fell down a well or something I don't know or she was abducted or the
parents killed her and then the whole investigation was did the parents do it
or not because when the mum comes out of the room the first thing she says is
they've taken her I was just gonna say maybe they were involved in some kind of
high-end dark art like cult thing and they were like give us your favorite one
yeah the wait wait why is they've taken her what I just think if you were like
she was kind of sounds like she was expecting something to happen like who's
there if your kid was missing and you saw when you just be like she had like
details that she wouldn't have known right it just seems like but this is the
classic thing right yeah like judging someone whose kids just been snatched
a lot of people have it's like okay so use this as an example so so this is like
why is this case like extremely like it's a magnet for everybody the reason is
because there's enough room for speculation that it just in it's a
sandbox for everybody right and then and then there's this other question of
okay so it at what point are we you know do we ever think about families of
victims suspects when the stuff is still unsolved no matter how cold the case
may be do we how do we deal with the karma the thought of like these are
human beings that move on through their life they haven't been convicted they
haven't been in there don't they have a right to like listen to podcasts and
like do we ever do you guys run this through in your head like what if what
if so-and-so or their family or whatever is listening yeah I do I worry
about that quite a lot and we just have to be okay with the fact that we feel
like most of the cases we've done we never laugh at the victim we're never
mocking the victim so I would hope that they wouldn't ever feel like we were you
guys a little hard on the tandem bicycle couple yeah part five thing is a little
snobby yeah where we do where we are snobs two people in love might get on a
tandem bike and ride it through Central Park that's true I just have never seen
it in the wild it also it also destroyed our scene setting of New York in the
80s yeah I did all this work divided city in the rich getting richer and
more getting poor and others that's why they did not deserve to be questioned
like they are anyway sorry we spent the first 15 minutes that episode talking
about the AIDS epidemic the crack epidemic the gang wars and I did a lot
of research into the crack epidemic and we talked about it all and then the
next paragraph was and then it was 9 30 p.m. in Central Park in Central Park 5
in Central Park and this couple right past on a tandem bike like I probably wrote
that poorly that was probably they they believed the pamphlets I mean they
almost paid with their lives the yeah so like so Madeline McCann like you get
where are you guys standing it sounds like you're thinking like like now I
now I feel gross because we now we just touched on the topic of what I like like
I it feels grody to then go what do you think the parents did it well a lot of
people do think that the parents did it until this new Netflix documentary came
out and I've had a lot of people who were like staunch her parents did it who'd
now changed their minds I haven't watched it yet watching it and I can't
tell if the Netflix documentary is exonerating them if it feels like that
because it's just incredibly sluggish and they haven't gotten to the point where
they start crucifying the first episode is just you watch the first you can
skip the first episode of that Madeline McCann documentary unless you want to
know lots and lots of unnecessary information about prior delusion the
80s like I don't know one of the things where like the parents shook the kid
killed the kid and said oh fuck we just killed our kid now we got the theory is
that they sedated her well not the theory a theory is that they sedated her
and then they go off to dinner so they can have a great time and they come back
and she's dead oh that's the thing people do that the people drug their kids
like instead of having babies they just dope them up and that's why Hannah said
it's important that their doctors I mean God forbid that they're that they're
innocent and then all of this is being said but it's like the other their
occupation like draws that you're like what if your doctors and you're you know
you you just want your kids to sleep while you go have don't they know that
that's dangerous I mean you're not I don't think you're supposed to administer
sedatives all the time like that well I got I got converted this is the the
interesting thing about this to me is that the reason the way that we found
the guy that I call Asperger detective I have you if you listen no I just I
really want you to listen to his podcast I'm not saying that you're like him like
I hope so like he's like he is just such a like he's so yeah okay it's like he's
so what I want to know whether you would love him or hate him I'm excited I he's
a very interesting guy what's it called what's the podcast it's it's such a weird
forgettable name it's like it's like his that's part of what I love about he's
really not like a marketing guru he's not a person person he owns it he's like
he's like he's not a person person his his reviews are 50% one star 50% five
stars are like what the fuck is this guy's problem usually so self
congratulatory and he's sort of like all these things and I'm like I'm like well
if you're gonna hate somebody for this stuff then he's my hero and then the
other ones are like he's so deep and thoughtful and interesting because he
sorry I'm babbling but but he the from with the reason we found his podcast is
because Rosanna is that her name Rosanna from the kill killer for near
dreaming who's another favorite of ours she was she was asked she just does
California dreaming she just does California I want to put myself in the
balls she's great she's great hearing that she's great like she's not great
it's a terrible she's great well these people aren't like fucking like they
don't go to like graphic design school for their logos they don't go to like how
like branding school like they're they're really into true crime and like some of
the best people have the worst like California dreaming but she focuses on
California and she's truly she's really good and if I kill somebody it's gonna
be someone that calls their podcast California dream interesting thing is I
have a boat she's very thorough and she's very academic and somebody asked her
she's dead I knew it somebody asked her is there any true if she turns up dead
tomorrow or missing I did it you're going to jail based on a title yes they get
worse oh what yeah no like what's worse than kill a friend okay they don't get
worse I love you to come up with a worst name of true crime there's like one
that's like all Austin true crime and it's called like killers and cattle or
something I don't know it's I really like like all crime no cattle I can't it's
like it's not really trying to make a Texas thing happen just let me finish
my thought okay I'm just gonna I just realize I'm a murderer and I've told
you all and I'm fine doing the time Rosanna from California dreaming was as
a Cody told me this that that she was asked is there a case that you changed
your mind on based on an episode of another person's true crime podcast so
these are really interesting question that I'd like to ask you guys but
and she said yes Asperger detectives treat she didn't call him that this guy
his his podcast is called I mean I'm gonna give I'm gonna give him gives his
due signal boost I mean I look I love the guy and same deal buddy I'll fly you
out from Los Angeles he lives in LA it's totally affordable I can't I can't
remember it's called like cold case it's murder files mold cold case murder
mysteries Cody said cold case murder mysteries he's yeah he's this guy and he
talks like this and he never stops talking like this like you won't I mean
like like look you've been he's polarizing but he is like he he approaches
the she said yes his treatment of the Madeleine McCain story like it changed
her mind and when you listen to it that's that's the episode I would recommend
if you want to get into this guy as his Madeleine McCain episode because he just
sort of makes it seem incredibly obvious that there was never a plan they what
they they were on vacation they were they were using micro doses of like you
know kind of sedative that they were they're very comfortable with as a
professional couple of doctors they were like just keeping the kids there was a
there the kids already on the trip had been actually getting up out of bed and
like you know they they just they crossed a threshold of like let's just
Nyquilum but on a pro level and and that and that actually like not that they
they didn't ODM because you're correct they wouldn't do that they would know
the right amount and what actually did happen is that the the kid was high and
got up still and was tooling around the place alone and like was playing on like
the spot where the one of the the dogs did go to when they were investigating one
of the corp sniffing dogs like descended on this one area of the the room
where the Asperger detective I have to stop calling him that case murder
mystery says says that that's she probably she maybe like fell off the
couch she was for right it's like like it's just she maybe climbed up on top and
like fell and like the just freak accident total freak accident they they
found out about it and then they kind of like just worked out a thing where they
like and it's actually like that that version of events I I feel bad for the
for the parents if that really happened because they they would be in a they
would be their lives would be fucked they come home to that and that's like
it's a tragedy I'm not saying any it's but it's just like imagine that and it's
like oh god the what do any of us do when we're pushed to the point where a lie
is equidistant from from the truth in terms of like how much it fucks up your
life where you're like I don't I don't know what I'm made of and if I'm ever
put in a position like that I'm not sure we kind of like we've all been in
situations where like we're gonna lie was just just easier did they find the
child and did they do an autopsy no they've never found a trace of the kid
which is in its in and of itself it's just incredibly strange I mean how do
you I think that's the thing that makes it feel like it's not the parents
because if they if they did do it I do think it's like you said Dan like they
it was an accident they didn't maliciously murder a bunch of other kids
they're not like we hate kids we want to live a free life exactly and they're in
a foreign country they don't they're not from Portugal they're on holiday there
they're in like a holiday resort where have they taken this four-year-old's
body that the British police went and helped as well so the Portuguese
police and the British police are looking for Maddie and they never found her
and the parents in a foreign country were able to dispose of this four-year-old's
body that well that's the thing that doesn't make sense to me it's also just
strange the idea of like a rando that comes in a back door and takes a kid
how do they that that was one of AD's points was like this is a V center
Asperger this is a this is a sloppy crime you don't it's isn't like it's not
like specter or like you know whatever the bad guys name you can't say it was
like I must have like this one it wasn't like an it's not an organized thing you
go in and snatch a kid and if they did take them they took them in a it's like
that person doesn't then put the energy and resources into making someone
vanish right exactly and I think like snatching a kid like Madeleine McCann
is incredibly high-risk like it's the same thing with Amy Bradley like
kidnapping someone who's on a cruise ship where there's physically nowhere to
go like why you what is the gain for you that is so huge that makes that worth
it in such a high like high-risk high-state you guys think happened to her
on the cruise ship Amy Bradley do you think she fell overboard I think give
me the meat and potatoes of that I don't know you're talking about Amy Bradley
American lady I think she was in her early 20s I think I went on a cruise with
her family and she disappeared as they were like out to see like round Aruba
and and there's all this stuff they get to Aruba they can't find us she's been
missing for hours but they're on a ship they're on a ship they're like
well she's clearly here we just don't know where so they did a bit of a half
ass search anyway they never found her and there was a couple of sightings of
her this one guy who's just the worst human being said that he contacted her
family said I know where I know where she is she's living on a compound with
this man who's got sleeve tattoos and long blonde hair I can extract her for
you so they sent him all of this money and it was all bullshit it wasn't true
and so he was just sitting on an island in the Caribbean off their money for
months at a time anyway so the leading theories are that she was sold into sex
slavery there's because it's the Dutch Caribbean where she was so obviously it
has the same laws as the Netherlands for sex work etc and and there's a picture
which people think is her from years later on like one of these like sex
holiday websites but she was extracted off of this cruise ship yeah somehow maybe
that's a theory yeah or she fell overboard but like bodies generally wash
up like they weren't that far out to sea it's a it's a it's a nightmare scenario
because it's like you find out like that these these cruise lines they're they're
owned by they're not accountable to the laws that we think they are they're
like they purposely even if they are American corporations they purposely
work through international law because that makes it a lot easier to abuse
labor for instance the guy teaching you shuffleboard can only be paid a penny if
you're not an American you know who this is a case for
ass broken I will I will okay I mean I guess I'm not surprised we burnt through all our time but I did I like I always
like what do you guys have a I don't know what the word favorite means in this
context do you have a favorite case I whatever that means to you and then I'm
gonna tell you mine one that we've done on the show or not I have if you're one
that you can't do because you it's too gross because that's another question
which I think the answer is no too like is there something that's somehow off
limits are you asking is the one that's unsolved that there's the most
fascinating or I leave it to you whatever the word favorite might mean I
don't know like we do have one that we won't ever do Junco oh yeah we'd never
do Junco for a term I don't know what that is it's really really bad I think
we've done a lot of research and come back to your first question of like how
much does this fuck you up Junco Fruto is the only case that I looked at and
read about that I was like in I was in floods of tears after what happened to
that girl is horrifying interestingly though before I forget like what like I
think Jeff did it an astounding thing these girls do a Halloween episode have
you done how many you have a you've only been on for done to okay you've done two
Halloween's their Halloween episodes are like they go out of their way to go
into find the worst possible shit even relative to true crime desensitization
like the word it's it really is super effective by the way like I don't know
if those are like your more popular episodes because I honestly like I don't
I don't go to these things kidding myself like I'm here to be a hero I it's the
opposite like I'm I go to true crime to take a break from the pressure of like
that exists of like oh if I choose right or wrong I'm a good or a bad person and
I'm listening to where the pinball machine breaks down like as Spencer
alluded to it's like debugging society you're like going okay well this is this
you'll Brenner in Westworld like went nuts and started shooting up the saloon
like I gravitate towards that I want to know details I don't I don't I would
never bother to go as far as to say it's because I want to prevent it from
happening or it's because I love the people so much or because I think I
might be the guy that did it it's it's all just like rubber-necking it's just
sort of like what what went wrong what happened how does this work how it's
just I don't know why that we gravitate to that stuff you wait but we we got you
said you wouldn't do that one guy that's too fucked up right do you have like
what's yeah do you have a favorite it's a dumb question it makes no sense what's
our favorite like murder story it doesn't make my cereal ad-nan you guys
hear about this ad-nan fellow okay I'll tell you look here's my thing I'll talk
for a while I tried I have a family dang it's a platform this is my this is my
request because I've done I don't remember who did that I think maybe true
crime garage did did did her but I don't hear a lot about her and I continue to
be confounded about what could possibly have happened and why there's not more
investigation canica Powell I think she lived in Maryland I she's American for
sure she if you look it up canica K.A. and I K.A. Powell young lady who her
apartment like a guy comes to her apartment door knocks on the door and
says he's an FBI agent she's looking through the people the nightmare of this
story the reason people gravitate to it is because she does everything right she
never does anything wrong and it it she looks to the people and the guy says I'm
an FBI agent can I come in I want to talk to you about something and she goes
he holds up a badge and she's like she asks him some question I can't remember
was like do you have a badge number or like is there she knows to ask him
something and he just fucking walks away and it's like the middle of the night
and she then goes over to her window and she watches this strange dude who just
pretended to be an FBI agent walking away from her apartment building and she
hears another male voice saying that guy yeah she doesn't see the source of the
voice but she could she she's she's reasonably know this is because she she
keeps records she emails friends and family about these incidents that she
hears another voice saying other way or something like that and the guy turns
around and walks the other way she doesn't see the source of the voice
he's gonna round the corner one way and then he goes the opposite direction I
mean I'm already tears if the story ended there I'm like
she emails there's emails online that's part of what's attractive about the case
is that it's just so it's it feels like real life creepypasta because she's we
have your emails that she's sending to her friends and family and I where she's
explaining what happened to her and then five days later another knock at her
door and a different guy at the door says I have a package for you and she goes
where is it or something like again she doesn't she doesn't do anything stupid
she reacts exactly the way you're supposed to react and the guy leaves and
doesn't leave a package it's a different guy she is like this is in a span of a
week she works for a laboratory that does work for Homeland Security that's
part of also why this is such a freaking freak out because you can't ask the
cops can't ask her job anything about who she works with like like is this
someone and she had one of those jobs that where if you asked her what she
did that day she had to tell you I'm not allowed to tell you now there's lots of
those jobs and they're not all area 51 like level shit but there's just some
certain jobs where you're not allowed to tell your family what you did that day
at work she had one of those jobs and and when the when the homicide
investigators call her boss you know after she's spoilers dead the they they
keep telling the cops yeah we can't tell you anything about about her job and
who she worked with and anything and the cops are just like okay and so like so
those two incidents happened within five days and I think there was another
knock at her door and she's sending these emails to her mother and her
sisters it's heartbreaking she called this police right this yeah she calls the
police every time and the police come out and they talk to her and they look
for clues and they she calls the FBI because the guy said and the FBI says
yeah no that was definitely not an FBI agent we would never do that ever we
don't behave like that we blah blah blah there's like a whole slew of reasons
why that could not have been us thank you for not opening the door it this poor
girl like she she then emails again like her her family and goes I think she
was gonna take a vacation or something like that and she was like she so she
had some errands to run so she took the day off of work after the last time she
talked to the cops specifically saying like I I don't want to come to leave or
come back to my apartment building at nighttime because I'm a woman and I live
alone so I am going to call into work take off of work and like the minute
after she talks to the cops the the third time she goes from there and does
her errands and she comes home from her errands and the guy that was the UPS
packaged fake guy is in her hallway and shoots her to death and runs away and
that's it no robbery no sexual assault didn't want in her apartment just wanted
to kill her fine with killing her not in her apartment like didn't need to like
multiple men yeah at least why isn't this a task force I what is going on like
like this woman worked for a fucking lab that was a government contract like
like and so and everyone everyone online all the webslives keep saying like
well you can rule out the idea of a government hit because it was so sloppy
like why would you have a fit if I if I if I work at if I work for a it's it's
that's that there's a if it's like we're not saying that like like the
Illuminati killed her it's still possible for someone that that she worked
with to like like want her dead and have a couple friends and all the stuff like
like I can't it's just like anyways so I request I formally request that I only
flew you guys out first class you don't have to do what I say because I just
can't I just don't understand like I need I like I sit in my bed at night
sometimes and I go like what the fuck it just makes me feel it unsafe like like
I I'm like how so people can just decide that you should be dead and then
eventually they'll kill you no matter how stupid they are yep well challenge
accepted what can I do for you guys Dan will you fly me first class somewhere
or if I pick where I want to go yeah I won't yes I want you to go I want to go
I want to go to Ischia Italy how come because I have a podcast what are what
are what are what are what are some podcasts that you guys listen to true
crime wise that you that like inspire you challenge you whatever oh sorry and what
did we listen to we went to Transylvania we did a road trip through
Transylvania and just because we thought it would be fun and it was great and we
listened to in the car teachers pet teachers pet we listen to is the
Australian one and the good one that's a great one it's about this guy who's an
identical twin and they're both like football stars rugby stars something
that he's married he's got these kids and then he's a PE teacher and he is
having an affair with multiple girls at school but he's in love with one
particular 15 year old yes it's always the PE teacher yeah and then his and
then his wife disappears and then he moves her into his house and then gives
her his wife's clothes and wedding rings and then he's like oh my wife run off
and joined a cult and then the police are like okay cool see ya and then now
because of that podcast they've dug up the entire back garden of the house they
used to live in they find anything they found like a cardigan that had like
stab holes in it and stuff so not nothing stab holes yeah stabs yeah I
heard that one that one is yeah those serialized like well-produced ones like
dirty John dr. death the dropout we've been listening to that and we're drawing
a hard thick lie we talked about this at dinner like fuck these like weird
Geraldo-esque like look I'm just gonna say at tenderfoot like TV like it's
active cases where people are like I thought I'd try to do a podcast this is
happening to me I can't believe people are listening yee dee dee dee there's a
popular one now called to live and die in LA yeah we hate them I think it's an
incredibly poor taste and like like yeah like really irresponsible that was the
opposite of a you whoa how are you doing Dave Kline what's going on how's it
going yeah doing great I mean I just let's give Dan Harmon a round of applause
let this fit man let this fit man every other morning at 8 a.m. Pacific Dan
Harmon is putting in an hour of work we're talking about planks we're talking
about core work we're talking about bench presses we're talking about doing
some bicep work and freestyle rapping all right whoa Dan give it give us give us
a plank give us a rat or a wrapping plank yeah can you can you wrap
a plank I'm so sorry you gotta be for you don't do feedback no feedback no
feedback yeah all right give that to Jeff thank you Jeff you do feedback here
we go we're making podcasts history or we're making soft core for and I can't
tell what's going on oh we're making it this is like a case for Asperger
detective yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yeah breathe in breathe out I got the delts
and the smelts I'm blasting glutes and whoever smelt oh yeah it dealt the
fitness smelling 100 200 planks you witness no no yo I'm gonna curl some
biceps I fucked your mama so hard she was a tri-tip sex steak with Bernie's
sauce I fuck your mama and I'm never at a loss of fitness self-care cuz I'm
losing my hair and this is what old white middle-aged men do rapping wall
plank you start to die so you want to live my body's going away I'm turning
into dust and I'm here to say I like to have a midlife crisis today driving a
Tesla isn't helping the earth we found out because it has a giant battery in it
that's charged by coal plants and then you throw the car in a garbage dump and
your change to your carbon footprint is a net zero thank you for coming to
everybody let's give it up for Dave Kline fitness guru a certain error that
was a really stable plank yeah yeah let's give her a hand at Sarutri everybody
from Redhanded I'm Jeff Davis your com-trailers Spencer
Crittenden your game master your planking mayor is Dan Harmon thank you so much
for coming everybody taking a sack of church and Chris and everybody for
coming we love you I'll drive fast take chances
what happened yeah I know I'm fine I'm fine
shows every day are you alive are you okay yeah how's your core thank you
and it's her if you did you get any of that
it's a good show